speak personal touch to make a boxing the
conversation with galaxytab 27.01
with eight gigabytes of storage
the small box and comes with
Here specifications of the device with screen
7 inches 1024 per 600 lt
1ghz dual core processor
it has the front camera and comes with the
3 megapixel gps rear camera
Bluetooth 3.0 will go out of track line
crucis hd and come on I already opened it had
to open in the store to check the
things
OK
he has a good footprint you do not have 7
inches is quite comfortable to take with
he in the hand
the technical jury for you gave it looks
and has a cool screen has graphics
well satisfactory for the price
the museum has in the house
the rule of boxing the fight it in
it comes with data cable that serves
also to charge the device
a pen that comes with the default connection
owner of samsung is
very similar to the time of the
similar in their manuals here that I
I never go I was already the games in it
enough space rolled a good ball and
glory also very good here
Hey
the dollar although very heavy but also
cool
jozú do not dispense bad here and I do not
she can not get it does not allow
transfer to the memory card
I do not know why I have mine.
walking man i all all by card
I hope you can not get here in the
Brazil more anxiety was great but
anything against each other
is
he is
It's really cool in the afternoon, it rains, I'm
looking for the position cmas
is what it is
the brother
now is time
It's cool they 're saying very soft.
graphic joney ganz the camera would have a goal
satisfactory in the light is not
because it does not have flash
so I'm not demanding much and it's there
personal samsung galaxytab two models
wi fi with 8 gigabytes
to the next